# Experiments of ECC compiler

Content

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Benchmarks](#benchmarks)
- [Feedback](#feedback)

## Introduction

This repository contains all benchmarks used in our paper "*An ELI-to-C Compiler:
Production and Performance*". Each benchmark is written in three versions:
**C**, **ELI**, and **ELI-C**.  The ELI-C is indeed C, but generated by
the ECC from ELI code.

Three benchmarks: [Black-Scholes](#black-scholes), [K-means](#k-means) and
[Hotspot](#hotspot) are from popular benchmarks, which are originally written
in C.  We manually translate the code to ELI code which is later compiled by
the ECC.

Another two benchmarks: [Morgan](#morgan) and [RPrime](#rprime) are inherited
from APL code.  APL and ELI are both array programming languages.  So this two
benchmarks are quite different from the upon three benchmarks.  We translate
the code from ELI to C while maintain its consistency.

Our compiler (ECCE) is first written in ELI. That means we use a language to
implement its compiler within itself.  The ECCE is able to emit C code under
the ELI interpreter. In order to provide an indepdent ELI compiler, we conduct
bootstrapping to compile the ECCE to a compiler written in C code.  Finally, an
executable file is generated after compiled by the GNU GCC compiler.

## Configuration

- ID : Lynx / Cheetah
- OS : Ubuntu 16.10
- GCC: 
- ELI: v0.3a

## Benchmarks

1. [Black-Scholes](#black-scholes)
2. [K-means](#k-means)
3. [Hotspot](#hotspot)
4. [Morgan](#morgan)
5. [RPrime](#rprime)

### Black-Scholes

BlackSchole is a mathematical model of a financial market containing certain derivative investment instruments.

Source: [Princeton PARSEC](http://parsec.cs.princeton.edu/download.htm)

### K-means

k-means clustering is a method of vector quantization originally from signal processing, that is popular for cluster analysis in data mining.

Source: [Rodinia 2.3](http://lava.cs.virginia.edu/Rodinia/)

### Hotspot

HotSpot is a widely used tool to estimate processor temperature based on an architectural floorplan and simulated power measurements.

Source: [Rodinia 2.3](http://lava.cs.virginia.edu/Rodinia/)

### Morgan

### RPrime

## Feedback

Please contact [Hanfeng](mailto:hanfeng.chen@mail.mcgill.ca).
